- [singing out of key]
ME AND
MRS.
MRS. BARONE
MRS. BARONE,
MRS. BARONE, MRS. BARONE
DON'T GOT A THING GOING ON
[sniffs]
WHOA.
- [gasps]
- AH! AAH!
- RAY!
I'M IN HERE!
- I FORGOT DEODORANT.
- GET OUT!
- WHAT IS THAT?
- OUT!
- YOU HAVE A MUSTACHE.
- SORRY!
SIR.
- RAY, WHY DID YOU
WALK IN ON ME?
- YOU HAVE A MUSTACHE.
- WHAT'S THE MATTER WITH YOU?
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOCK?
- YOU HAVE A MUSTACHE.
- YOU JUST GONNA BARGE IN
ON ME?
- I FORGOT DEODORANT.
YOU HAVE A MUSTACHE.
- IT'S NOT A MUSTACHE.
IT'S A LITTLE PEACH FUZZ.
- WELL, HOW LONG--
HOW LONG HAVE YOU--
- WHAT? WHAT?
HOW LONG HAVE I WHAT, RAY?
- BEEN SPORTING THAT?
- FOR AS LONG
AS YOU'VE KNOWN ME,
AND FOR AS LONG
I'VE BLEACHED IT,
AND IT'S NOT A MUSTACHE!
- LET ME LOOK AT IT.
- WOULD YOU STOP?
DON'T EXAMINE ME!
YOU SHOULD BE
APOLOGIZING TO ME!
- I'M SORRY.
NATURE CAN BE CRUEL.
- YOU JUST DON'T WALK IN
ON SOMEBODY.
YOU WEREN'T EVEN SUPPOSED
TO BE HERE ANYMORE.
- HEY, YOU WALK IN ON ME
ALL THE TIME.
- 'CAUSE YOU
DON'T CLOSE THE DOOR.
- THAT'S 'CAUSE
I HAVE NOTHING TO HIDE.
- TRUST ME.
YOU DO.
YOU KNOW, THE BATHROOM
WAS THE LAST PLACE
I HAD ANY PRIVACY,
AND NOW THAT'S GONE.
- I COULD BUILD YOU
A TREE HOUSE.
- I NEVER GET TO BE ALONE.
NEVER!
YOU'RE WITH ME,
OR THE KIDS ARE WITH ME,
AND WHEN THE KIDS ARE GONE,
I'M STILL NOT ALONE,
'CAUSE YOUR PARENTS
WALK IN HERE ALL THE TIME.
I MEAN, YOU GET TO LEAVE,
YOU KNOW?
YOU GO TO WORK, AND YOU'RE ALONE
IN YOUR CAR AND THE OFFICE,
AND I JUST NEED SOME TIME
TO MY--
WHAT ARE YOU SMILING ABOUT?
- I'M JUST PICTURING YOU
TYING A YOUNG GIRL
TO THE RAILROAD TRACKS.
[maniacal laughter]
- I DON'T HAVE A MUSTACHE!
- ALL RIGHT! ALL RIGHT!
ALL RIGHT! COME ON.
YOU WANT
SOME TIME ALONE?
THAT'LL STOP THE YELLING?
- YES, RAY.
- ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
LET'S DO IT.
WHAT DO WE DO?
- YOU COULD GO, TAKE THE KIDS,
AND DO SOMETHING.
- THE KIDS?
THAT'S MORE YELLING.
- YES, RAY,
THAT'S HOW I GET TO BE ALONE.
YOU COULD TAKE THEM
TO THE PARK
FOR AN AFTERNOON
ONCE IN A WHILE.
- A WHOLE AFTERNOON?
- ALL RIGHT, RAY, TAKE THEM OVER
TO YOUR MOTHER'S,
AND SHE CAN BABYSIT
ALL OF YOU.
- ALL RIGHT.
WE'LL DO IT.
WE'LL DO IT TOMORROW, OKAY?
BUT YOU GOT TO PROMISE
TO KEEP UP THE MAINTENANCE
ON THE OLD SOUP STRAINER.
COME ON.
THAT'S IT.
THAT'S ALL I GOT.
EXCEPT GROUCHO,
SOMETHING ABOUT GROUCHO.
ALL RIGHT, COME ON.
LOOK AT THE BRIGHT SIDE.
THE MUSTACHE WILL DISTRACT ME
FROM THE CELLULITE.
- HEY, MA.
- HI, DEAR.
- COME ON.
- HELLO, DARLING.
- CAN THE KIDS WATCH A VIDEO
OVER HERE?
- OH, CERTAINLY.
WHY?
YOUR VCR IS NOT WORKING?
- NO, NO, IT'S WORKING.
I JUST THOUGHT WE COULD COME
OVER HERE AND, YOU KNOW, HANG.
- OH, HOW WONDERFUL.
GO ON IN.
COM ON.
GO WATCH YOUR VIDEOS.
[chuckles]
FRANK, THE KIDS ARE HERE.
BUCKLE YOUR PANTS.
WHERE'S DEBRA?
- NOWHERE.
SHE'S HOME.
- OH?
- YEAH, SHE JUST WANTED
SOME TIME TO HERSELF.
- TIME TO HERSELF?
- YEAH.
HEY, YOU GOT PUDDING SNACKS?
- WHAT DOES THAT MEAN,
TIME TO HERSELF?
- SHE JUST WANTS TIME TO,
I DON'T KNOW,
BE ALONE, RELAX.
- BE ALONE WITHOUT YOU?
- WITHOUT EVERYBODY.
- I DON'T LIKE THIS.
- WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG
WITH THOSE KIDS?
THEY'RE ALWAYS STICKY.
- DEBRA WANTS TIME
AWAY FROM RAYMOND.
- IT'S AN AFTERNOON, MA.
IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
- OH, BUT IT IS.
RAYMOND, DEAR, A MARRIAGE
IS ABOUT BEING TOGETHER,
ABOUT CLOSENESS.
- [scoffs]
- SHE'S RIGHT.
- WHAT?
- IT IS ABOUT CLOSENESS,
ABOUT HOW MUCH CLOSENESS
YOU CAN TAKE,
ABOUT HOW CLOSE
YOU CAN GET TO KILLING HER
BEFORE YOU
KILL YOURSELF.
- WELL, I DID IT.
AROUND THE BLOCK
IN 37 MINUTES.
- HE BEAT YOUR RECORD, MARIE.
- WHAT AM I
RUSHING BACK TO?
RAYMOND, YOU NEED TO GO HOME
AND PUT A STOP
TO DEBRA'S BEHAVIOR.
- AW.
- IT'S NOT RIGHT.
- LOOK, IT'S AN AFTERNOON.
IT'S NOTHING,
ALL RIGHT?
SHE JUST WANTS TIME
TO BE ALONE.
- YEAH, WHEN I WAS
MARRIED TO JOANNE,
SHE WANTED TIME ALONE.
SHE USED IT TO PACK UP
AND MOVE OUT.
- RAYMOND, WHATEVER HAPPENS,
YOU AND I ARE KEEPING
THE CHILDREN.
- OH, MA, ALL RIGHT,
WILL YOU STOP?
- CHECK HER CREDIT CARD
STATEMENT.
LOOK FOR THE WORD "U-HAUL."
- LOOK, SHE'S PROBABLY
OVER THERE
JUST DOING GIRL STUFF.
- WHAT KIND OF GIRL STUFF?
- I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T KNOW.
BUBBLE BATH,
TRYING ON OUTFITS,
WALKING AROUND
WITH A BOOK ON HER HEAD.
- WHATEVER HELPS YOU
SLEEP AT NIGHT, PEACHES.
- HEY, LOOK, I DON'T CARE
WHAT YOU THINK, ALL RIGHT?
YOU DON'T HAVE THE FACTS.
DEBRA HAS A MUSTACHE.
- DO YOU MEAN A LOVER?
- NO!
NO, NO, MOM!
AND COULD YOU PLEASE NEVER
SAY THE WORD "LOVER"?
I MEAN, SHE'S GOT A--A--
A LIPULAR FORESTATION...
YOU KNOW,
FUZZ THING,
THAT'S ALL.
SHE JUST NEEDS TIME
FOR THAT KIND OF
MAINTENANCE.
- HEY, I DON'T WANT
TO ALARM YOU, SON,
BUT EVEN IF SHE HAD
A BIG, WOOLLY LUMBERJACK BEARD,
SHE WOULDN'T NEED
A WHOLE AFTERNOON.
- RAYMOND, THERE'S
SOMETHING GOING ON.
- ALL RIGHT,
I DON'T CARE
WHAT SHE'S DOING OVER THERE,
ALL RIGHT?
I GAVE HER SOME TIME ALONE,
AND WHATEVER SHE'S DOING,
IT'S ALL RIGHT WITH ME,
ALL RIGHT?
I TOTALLY UNDERSTAND,
SO LET'S JUST DROP IT.
- IT'S EATING YOU UP ALIVE,
ISN'T IT, KID?
- NO!
NO, IT ISN'T.
- WHERE YOU GOING?
- I'M GOING OUTSIDE,
ALL RIGHT, HUH?
OR DO YOU THINK YOU'RE THE KING
OF WHERE I GO?
'CAUSE YOU'RE NOT, OKAY?
NOBODY IS.
- VERY GOOD, ROBBIE.
- TEAM EFFORT.
- [sobbing]
- HEY, ROBERT?
- YEAH?
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- PHYSICAL THERAPY.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
- SHE--SHE WAS CRYING.
- WHAT?
DEBRA WAS CRYING?
- YEAH.
- WHAT DID YOU DO?
- I DID NOTHING.
I JUST--
I LOOKED IN THE WINDOW,
AND SHE WAS SITTING
ON THE COUCH, CRYING.
- WELL, I DIDN'T TELL YOU
TO GO SPY ON HER.
- YEAH, ALL RIGHT.
I ALREADY GOT THAT LECTURE
FROM THE MAILMAN.
- WELL, WAS SHE WATCHING
A SAD MOVIE OR SOMETHING?
- NO.
THE TV WASN'T EVEN ON.
WHAT'S SHE CRYING ABOUT?
- WHAT ARE YOU ASKING ME FOR?
GO TALK TO YOUR WIFE.
- I CAN'T TALK TO HER NOW.
SHE'LL KNOW THAT I WAS LOOKING
IN THE WINDOW.
- LOOKING IN THE WINDOW.
ALL RIGHT,
SO DON'T ASK HER.
JUST GO BACK OVER THERE,
AND SEE WHAT'S WRONG.
YOU KNOW, BE A HUSBAND!
- YEAH, YEAH.
YEAH, OKAY.
- SHE COULD HAVE DONE
SO MUCH BETTER.
- HONEY?
HELLO?
- YEAH, HI, RAY.
I'M RIGHT HERE.
- OH, HI.
HI.
HEY, I'M NOT HERE.
YOU'RE STILL ALONE.
- [chuckles]
- THAT'S OKAY.
WHAT'S UP?
- NOTHING.
I JUST CAME BY 'CAUSE MY MOM
WANTS HER BIG SPOON BACK.
YEAH, YOU KNOW HOW SHE IS
ABOUT THAT DAMN BIG SPOON.
SO I'LL JUST--
I'M GONNA GET THAT,
AND I'LL BE ON MY WAY,
THEN, THE SPOON.
- OKAY.
THERE IT IS.
- HERE YOU GO.
SEE YOU LATER.
- OKAY.
HOW YOU DOING?
YOU ALL RIGHT? YOU OKAY?
- YEAH, I'M FINE.
- OKAY.
GOOD, GOOD.
WE'RE GOOD OVER THERE TOO.
SO YOU'RE GOOD?
YOU ALL RIGHT?
YOU DIDN'T, LIKE,
STUB YOUR TOE OR ANYTHING?
- STUB MY TOE?
- YEAH, YOU KNOW, IT'S, LIKE--
IT'S, LIKE, AN EXPRESSION.
I MADE THAT UP.
IT'S LIKE WHEN YOU'RE
IN A PLAY,
YOU SAY, "BREAK A LEG."
THIS IS LIKE,
YOU KNOW--
IT'S LIKE A SMALL--
IF YOU WERE IN, LIKE,
A SMALL PLACE--
THAT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE,
BUT THAT'S--
THAT'S WHAT'S--ALL RIGHT, LET ME
GET THE BIG SPOON BACK.
- OKAY, SEE YOU LATER.
- I DON'T GET IT.
- SHE STILL CRYING?
- NO, NO.
SHE'S FINE.
IT WAS SPOOKY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING NOW?
- CLENCHES.
- OH.
WILL YOU STOP WORKING
YOUR ASS FOR A MINUTE?
- 98,
99,
100.
YEAH.
LET THAT BULL
TRY ME NOW.
I COULD OPEN A JAR OF PICKLES
WITH THIS THING.
- WHAT'S GOING ON?
I MEAN,
WHY IS DEBRA CRYING?
- WELL, OBVIOUSLY,
SHE'S UPSET,
AND SHE DOESN'T
WANT YOU TO KNOW.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
- I DON'T KNOW.
I--
I JOKED AROUND A LITTLE
ABOUT THE OLD COOKIE DUSTER.
THAT'S ALL.
- YEAH, WELL,
MAYBE YOU HURT HER FEELINGS.
- NO.
SHE WAS A LITTLE ANNOYED.
IT WAS TWO DAYS AGO,
AND SHE MADE 100 JOKES
ABOUT MY BIG NOSE, OKAY?
IT'S OVER.
- ALL RIGHT,
OTHER THAN THE CRYING,
HAS SHE BEEN ACTING DIFFERENTLY?
- NO. NO.
SHE'S BEEN ACTING NORMAL.
OH, NO.
- WHAT?
- ACTING NORMAL.
WHAT IF
THE WHOLE THING'S AN ACT?
WHAT IF THE CRYING IS REAL,
AND ALL THE REST IS AN ACT?
YOU KNOW, THE WHOLE,
"OH, YOU'RE A WONDERFUL
HUSBAND, RAY.
"OH, OH, WE HAVE SUCH
A HAPPY LIFE, RAY.
"I LOVE YOU, RAY.
BYE, RAY.
I HATE RAY."
- I COULD SEE THAT.
- COME ON.
NO.
I MEAN,
IT MAKES SENSE.
SHE'S ALWAYS COMPLAINING
ABOUT ME.
I FALL ASLEEP
WITH THE TV ON.
I DON'T HELP OUT
AROUND THE HOUSE.
SHE BOUGHT ME
THAT EXPENSIVE MOUTHWASH.
I NEVER USE IT, RIGHT?
SHE CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE.
- NAH, THAT'S NOT IT.
BUT I DON'T
WANT TO LIE TO YOU.
A COUPLE MINUTES
WITH THE MOUTHWASH
WOULD BE TIME WELL-SPENT.
- SHE THINKS I'M A LOUSY,
BAD-BREATHED HUSBAND.
- LOOK, IT'S NOT LIKE
DEBRA DIDN'T KNOW
WHAT SHE WAS GETTING.
- YEAH, ALL RIGHT,
BUT AFTER TEN YEARS NOW,
SHE'S SICK OF IT,
BUT SHE COULD TELL ME.
SHE COULD TALK TO ME.
SHE TELLS ME
EVERYTHING ELSE.
WHY IS SHE
SITTING THERE CRYING?
- I FEEL FOR YOU, CUBBY.
- HI, HONEY.
- HI.
- OH, HEY,
LET ME GET THAT FOR YOU.
- THAT'S OKAY.
I GOT IT.
- NO, I WANT TO PUT THAT
AWAY FOR YOU.
- WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?
- NO, LET ME DO THIS.
I WANT TO HELP OUT
AROUND HERE.
LET ME PUT
THE LAUNDRY AWAY.
WHERE DOES IT GO?
- WOULD YOU JUST LET ME DO IT,
PLEASE, OKAY?
WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH YOU?
- OH, NOTHING,
JUST TRYING TO PITCH IN.
THAT'S ALL.
[exhaling heavily]
HOW ARE YOU?
- WHAT?
- [exhaling heavily]
HOW ARE YOU?
THAT'S NICE, HUH?
- SMELLS MINTY.
- YEAH.
- TRYING TO PROVE TO ME
YOU HAVEN'T BEEN DRINKING?
- I'M SORRY I'VE BEEN KIND OF
JERKY THE LAST COUPLE YEARS.
- WHO SAID YOU WERE JERKY?
- YOU DON'T
HAVE TO SAY IT.
I KNOW.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
YOU KNOW?
- LOOK, YOU DON'T
HAVE TO HIDE YOUR FEELINGS.
I KNOW WHY YOU CRY.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
WERE YOU WATCHING ME TODAY?
- LOOK, IT'S OKAY.
- OH, MY GOD!
RAY, I TELL YOU
I NEED PRIVACY,
SO YOU SPY ON ME?
- IT'S NOT SPYING
IF YOU LOVE THE PERSON.
- THAT'S WHAT
PEEPING TOMS SAY.
- LOOK, THAT'S NOT THE POINT.
YOU REGRET YOUR LIFE
WITH ME.
- I DO NOT!
- OH, DON'T INSULT ME, OKAY?
COME ON.
WE BOTH KNOW
THAT I'M LAZY.
I DON'T HELP OUT
WITH THE KIDS,
AND UNTIL RECENTLY,
MY BREATH
HAS BEEN QUESTIONABLE.
- YOU KNOW, NOW I ALMOST
HOPE YOU'VE BEEN DRINKING.
- COME ON, LOOK, I'M TRYING
TO MAKE AN EFFORT HERE!
- YEAH?
WHY DON'T YOU
TRY NOT SPYING ON ME?
- IF YOU THOUGHT
I WAS A BETTER HUSBAND,
I WOULDN'T
HAVE TO SPY ON YOU.
- YOU ARE AN EGOMANIAC.
- WHAT?
- YOU THINK EVERYTHING'S
ABOUT YOU.
MY CRYING HAD NOTHING
TO DO WITH YOU.
YOU WANT TO KNOW
WHY I WAS CRYING?
'CAUSE I WAS IN THE MOOD.
- IN THE MOOD?
- YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
I JUST FELT LIKE IT.
IT'S CATHARTIC.
- ALL RIGHT, WE HAVE TO
GET A DICTIONARY FOR IN HERE.
- YOU KNOW THAT COMMERCIAL
WHERE THE LITTLE KID'S
MAKING SOUP
FOR HIS SISTER
AND HOW EVERY TIME IT COMES ON,
I GET ALL CHOKED UP?
- YEAH.
- OKAY, I LIKE THAT.
SOMETIMES I JUST LIKE TO CRY.
IT'S LIKE A RELEASE.
- SO YOU SAW THE SOUP COMMERCIAL
THIS AFTERNOON?
- NO, I WAS JUST IN THE MOOD,
AND I MADE MYSELF CRY.
- WELL, HOW DO YOU DO THAT?
- I TAKE MY MASCARA OFF,
AND SOMETIMES
I PUT ON A SAD SONG,
AND I MAKE A CRYING FACE,
AND IT JUST COMES OUT.
- WHAT SONG?
- THEME FROM "ICE CASTLES."
- REALLY?
- YES.
I WAS HAVING A GOOD CRY.
THAT'S ALL IT IS.
YOU KNOW,
HAVEN'T YOU EVER
HEARD OF, YOU KNOW,
SOMEBODY SINGING THE BLUES?
- SO ALL OF A SUDDEN,
YOU'RE THIS OLD
BLUES-SINGING GUY
WITH A MUSTACHE?
- SEE, THAT'S WHY
I WANTED ALONE TIME TODAY,
BECAUSE, OBVIOUSLY,
THIS ISN'T SOMETHING
I CAN EXPLAIN TO YOU.
- OKAY, SO YOU CRY
BECAUSE I'M STUPID.
- I EAT ICE CREAM
BECAUSE YOU'RE STUPID.
- LOOK, I JUST
DON'T LIKE YOU CRYING.
- [sighs]
RAY, LISTEN.
HERE, COME HERE.
JUST SIT DOWN, OKAY?
I JUST--
I DON'T KNOW HOW
I CAN EXPLAIN THIS TO YOU.
I WANT YOU TO UNDERSTAND,
BUT I JUST LIKE DOING IT.
IT MAKES ME FEEL GOOD.
- OKAY.
- WHAT, HAVEN'T YOU EVER
JUST FELT LIKE CRYING?
- YEAH, WHEN SOMETHING HAPPENS,
YOU KNOW?
WHEN I SLAM MY FINGER
IN A CAR DOOR.
I MEAN, I'M A HUMAN BEING,
BUT I DON'T LIKE TO CRY.
I DON'T SCHEDULE TIME TO CRY.
- MAYBE YOU SHOULD.
MAYBE THAT
WOULD BE GOOD FOR YOU.
- ALL RIGHT,
I'LL GET MY CALENDAR
AND PUT TEARDROPS
ON WEDNESDAY.
- OKAY, RAY.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I WANT TO JUST GIVE YOU
SOMETHING TO THINK ABOUT, OKAY?
JUST LOOK AT ME.
- WHAT?
- LOOK AT ME.
LOOK AT ME!
I JUST WANT YOU
TO FEEL SOME HONEST EMOTIONS,
AND THEN LET'S SEE HOW YOU DO
WITH THAT, ALL RIGHT?
OKAY, THE NIGHT ALLY WAS BORN.
REMEMBER THAT?
THAT WAS THIS REALLY
LONG LABOR,
AND YOU WERE SO WORRIED
ABOUT IT.
AND THEN SHE CAME,
AND, OH, MY GOD,
SHE WAS JUST SO BEAUTIFUL.
AND THEN THE DOCTOR
HANDED HER TO YOU,
AND HE SAID,
"HERE'S YOUR DAUGHTER."
- [laughs]
- YOU ARE A MONSTER!
- I'M NOT A MONSTER.
I'M JUST--
OKAY, THEN I CRIED,
BUT YOU'RE TRYING TO--
YOU'RE TRYING
TO MANUFACTURE THIS THING,
AND YOU'RE MAKING
THAT--THAT FACE.
IT'S JUST--
IT'S--IT'S FUNNY.
- THAT'S FINE.
THAT'S FINE, RAY.
- IT'S FUNNY. IT'S FUNNY.
- ALL RIGHT.
- I FEEL GOOD, THOUGH.
I DO.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD
SCHEDULE TIME FOR LAUGHING.
- OKAY.
- [chuckles]
- HOW ABOUT THE TIME
YOU WERE IN THE FIFTH GRADE,
AND YOU CAME HOME,
AND YOU FOUND OUT YOUR PARENTS
GAVE YOUR DOG AWAY?
- THAT'S NOT FUNNY.
- HOW DID THAT
MAKE YOU FEEL?
- SHUT UP.
- UH-HUH.
HOW'D YOU FEEL
ABOUT THAT, RAY, HUH?
WHAT WAS YOUR DOG'S NAME?
SHAMSKY NUMBER ONE,
WASN'T IT?
THEY GAVE YOUR DOG AWAY.
- [mock sobbing]
- YOU!
- AH!
AH!
COME ON!
HEY.
IF YOU HIT ME--
I'LL CRY IF YOU HIT ME.
COME ON.
WHAT?
ALL RIGHT, SO I DIDN'T CRY.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
- YOU KNOW,
JUST FORGET IT, RAY.
I MEAN, I'M TRYING TO GET YOU
TO UNDERSTAND SOMETHING,
BUT I GUESS
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
- ALL RIGHT,
HOW ABOUT THIS?
I GOT A GREAT IDEA
FOR TOMORROW.
SINCE YOU LIKE
TO BE ALONE AND CRY
AND MY MOM LIKES
TO BE WITH THE KIDS
AND I HAPPEN
TO LIKE GOLF--
- I HAVE A BETTER IDEA.
REMEMBER HOW YOU WANTED
TO HELP ME
WITH THE LAUNDRY EARLIER?
- UH-OH.
- THERE'S TWO MORE LOADS
DOWNSTAIRS.
- NO, HONEY--
HONEY, LISTEN--
- AND THEN YOU NEED TO GO
TO YOUR FOLKS' HOUSE
AND GET THE KIDS
AND TAKE THEM SHOE SHOPPING.
- OH, MY GOD!
WHAT HAPPENED?
NO! COME ON!
WE WERE JUST TALKING HERE.
- OH, YEAH.
WELL, I LIKED IT.
I LIKE THAT YOU WANT
TO BE A BETTER HUSBAND.
- YEAH, BUT I WANT
TO DO IT GRADUALLY!
COME ON, HOW ABOUT
I'LL LET YOU CRY,
AND I WON'T EVEN
LOOK IN THE WINDOW.
- AND KEEP USING
THAT MOUTHWASH.
- OH, COME ON.
NO.
THIS--THIS--THIS
HASN'T WORKED OUT WELL.
- OH, I THINK
IT'S WORKED OUT VERY WELL.
[maniacal laughter]
[somber piano music]
- PLEASE DON'T LET
THIS FEELING END
IT'S EVERYTHING I AM
EVERYTHING I WANT TO BE
I CAN SEE
WHAT'S MINE NOW
FINDING OUT WHAT'S TRUE
SINCE I FOUND YOU
LOOKING THROUGH
THE EYES OF LOVE
NOW I CAN TAKE THE TIME
I CAN SEE MY
[funky soul music]
- HEY, SISTER
GO, SISTER
SOUL SISTER
HEY, SISTER
GO, SISTER
SOUL SISTER
HE MET MARMALADE
DOWN IN OLD NEW ORLEANS
STRUTTING HER STUFF
ON THE STREET
SHE SAID,
"HELLO, HEY, JOE
YOU WANT TO GIVE IT A GO?"
MM-HMM
GITCHI, GITCHI,
YA-YA, DA-DA
YA-YA HERE